I think we should talk about how an implementation plan should be created or if that plan creation is even needed.
What we have right now is basically two different things:
1. The blueprint
2. The system design or solution design document for the proposed blueprint
What that means is the blueprint will tell how the product will behave when a user interacts and the system design will tell how it should, what are the technical decisions that are made for the behavior to work in this system. What are the technical decisions that need to be made? What are the assumptions? What are the sort of caveats or compromises that we have accepted and how we are dealing with the quality of the solution, like performance, all of that good stuff? If there are third-party solutions, all the facts that are required for this particular feature to work, we will sort of make that decision there.

Now that I've explained what the blueprint document and the design document are, let's talk about how we should plan this. In my opinion the plan is basically going to be multi-fold. What I mean by that is all the scenarios that are listed. In our blueprint we should implement it.
First of all we should order it properly so that we should try to identify the order in which we should implement the scenario. We have to implement it scenario by scenario. We can't say that we will implement one layer. Everything should be vertically implemented. Throughout the stack we can't just do the DB layer first. No, that's not going to work.
The planning should include:
1. Step one: you look at all the scenarios that are there and you try to arrange them in an order where it would be easier to implement so that there is maximum reuse as we go on.
2. Then the planner should figure out how to implement this particular scenario. The planner is going to go scenario by scenario or the planner can actually invoke sub-agents to independently assign them one scenario each so that they can think about that particular scenario along with the system design document. To understand what would it take to implement this scenario, what is true before this scenario, what is true before we can implement this scenario, and what is true after we implemented this scenario, right? What is required?
3. For example if a scenario is that user can visit their profile and see their own details, which means we should be able to use the ID to fetch the user details. User details are going to be a requirement in that phase. We will create a requirements section for each of the scenarios so that, before we implement that, we can actually look inside the codebase and see whether this thing that we need before implementing is actually present or not so that we can avoid the duplication of the effort. If something already exists, for example if the function `get user by ID` already exists, then we don't need to recreate that functionality again, right?
4. This is what will happen: we will look at a scenario and the solutions file. Use whatever technical aspects that we need to implement the scenario and then figure out what is precursor to this scenario, what is true, what we need, what we are going to need to implement the scenario. In this phase we are not looking at the code at all. Code is not even in our view. We are not touching anything at all, not even a single line, right?
5. Once we have something like this and we understand, hey man, this is how we can implement each scenario, then we will give it to a research agent and the planner. The planner and the research agent, the planner is the top-level agent and the research agent is basically a subagent that will be created to basically find out in this phase. Send a research agent out but that research agent will go from top to bottom for each scenario. It will figure out, hey, these are the requirements for this scenario to be true or to be implemented: what do we already have in our codebase?
6. This is after, right. The planner writes what it has done until that point in a file and then kicks off a subagent for research. Not just one, it might kick off multiple based on what it has produced as a result, but yeah it will do that and then the research agents come back and again update that plan file, not with the exact code, just the function names or the references to where it can find stuff or where it needs to add stuff, right, to make the feature work. That's pretty much it and that is going to be our plan.


Then there is the implementation phase. In this phase the coding agent again needs to create an implementation skill. We'll call it kite implementation. In this the skill will look at the plan file that we have created and the research file that we have created. Even if it's just one file, this time it will go scenario by scenario and implement that scenario. Before committing the scenario it will check if architecturally it is sound or not. We have a Kite architecture skill that can tell you what are the kinds of patterns that are ideal for implementing certain stuff so when it is implemented it will check whether the implementation that it has done is good enough or not.

Again if it wants to use TDD, it is fine but the number of test cases that it generates is too much and it should only identify critical stuff that needs to be tested. Everything should not be tested. It's just a fallacy. It's going to create problems for us going forward.

Once the scenario is implemented the implementation agent should actually send a subagent to review what it has done against the Gherkin scenario that was supposed to be implemented. If it finds that this might just work, it is committed. The implementation should then go from one scenario to another until every single scenario is covered in this fashion.


We also need to implement a separate skill that is like a final review of the entire feature, which is going to be very methodical with multiple steps. This is how it should work:
1. This skill should identify the scenarios that were supposed to be implemented from the blueprint.
2. It should check if all those scenarios have associated code changes with them.
3. Create a mental model of: "Hey this chunk of changes is directly related to this scenario and the other changes are related to some other scenario. Every scenario will have associated chunks with it.
4. Figure out if there are changes that are not associated with any scenario at all. This means we have added something that is not supposed to be there, right?
5. Figure out the system design decisions. The document that is generated, consider that, then start going scenario by scenario doing review. It should tell us why the changes are not acceptable. We are not looking if the changes are good. No we don't care about that. We want to understand why the scenario that the skill is reviewing at any given moment is a bad implementation. We need to understand why that implementation is bad. It should dispel every single point that is not acceptable about the change that corresponds to one single scenario because we are going to do this sequentially, scenario by scenario again. It should tell us what the reason is.
6. Again we have this skill where we have an architecture principles skill for just kite. It should use that as a reference and tell us exactly which principles are being violated or which pattern is being violated that should be honored.
7. It should also tell us, "Hey because this is wrong, this is the impact." If it finds that something is not properly implemented, it should come up with an exact scenario, like the Gherkin scenario, in which this implemented solution will fail.
8. We have in our blueprint corner cases, right? Even if one or two corner cases are missed by the blueprint, this reviewer should be able to understand the changes associated with the happy path scenario and then identify exactly what might go wrong and in that particular case why this will not work.
9. This review is purely adversarial. This entire review can be performed by multiple sub-agents who are responsible for reviewing just one scenario in isolation.
That's all.
